nestled in the Colorado Rockies tumbling
River Ranch offers all the excitement of
a dude ranch and all the comforts of a
world-class vacation trail rides and
trapshooting
to candlelit dinners and massages
tumbling river can bring your entire
family a memorable week of Western
luxury your hosts Scott and Meghan Dugan
offer Western adventures to little ones
grandparents as a guest at tumbling
river you will be treated to exceptional
riding opportunities we have many
different trails ranging from a hour and
a half ride up to some seven-hour rides
and we even have an overnight trip and
it's fantastic because there's some
really basic trails for the beginners
and then we have some really advanced
trails so people have been riding their
whole life can get out and still be
challenged none of us were riders and
the staff very quickly you know made us
feel comfortable safety was obviously at
the top of their list they gave us
instruction with an orientation and then
took us on a short ride in the afternoon
so that we would feel more comfortable
before going on to bigger trails try a
bunch ride to a whispering Aspen Grove
and a tweaks in the whole family but
horseback riding isn't the only
adventure you'll have
one of the strengths of tunneling River
is that we have a very broad spectrum of
activities we have fly-fishing credible
hiking we're surrounded by pike national
forests we offer just so many different
activities every day to choose from it's
not just about trail riding everybody
gets to participate at whatever level
they want there's things for the
children to do as well as the adults so
it's it's more of an all-inclusive
vacation while you're outside playing
great chefs are busy baking homemade
breads and preparing for main meals I
think the food is wonderful
we've been amazed by freshly baked bread
and cookies I can't tell you the last
time I had a homemade apple pie but now
I've had one one of the things we
concentrate on it something river is our
food we do everything from candlelight
dinners to kids fun outdoor dinners we
can also do lots of different meals for
off the ranch or families or hiking or
doing things on their own we'll make a
great meal to go cook from the Wranglers
and the counselors everybody's great and
it's a wonderful feeling and it's real -
you can tell they're they're really
trying to please you and they do a great
job of it
Dean and babies are just as important as
mom and dad kids get to try things that
they've never done before they do crafts
with wildflowers they go on hikes they
fish they swim and of course they ride
every single day our kids have loved at
the program they have had a smile on
their face and they stepped onto the
ranch and they're just having a
wonderful time with a little bit of
everything for each one of them teens
can try rock climbing and riding while
younger children can explore the petting
zoo and the ranch even has a nanny
program for the smallest children one of
the things that guests tell me they
really love about tumbling river is that
they can do as much or as little as they
want they can do things as a family they
can split up and each try a new event so
we try to have as much flexibility for
all the guests and the programs that we
offer so much bleh would make anyone
tired and tumbling River offers the best
in Western comfort people want to come
on a Western mountain vacation but they
don't want to give up all the luxuries
they're used to so we offer things like
that we have masseuse available on staff
we have coffee service we have whole hot
tub different ways for people to relax
and we think that that's what they're
actually looking for our cabin is just
beautiful it's rustic but it's very very
comfortable and very well-appointed
the beds are so soft and they feel so
good at the end of a day after a long
ride the children have their own private
accommodations as we do and we both have
fireplaces so that everybody can stay
nice and toasty and cooling
no matter how comfy the beds you won't
want to miss the evening entertainment
the other thing that we do is we have
live music five nights a week and a
square dance one night so people just
really get in to the Friday night dance
and the campfire sing-alongs and musical
talent that we have the family memories
that I have from this week will be the
small things the first that my children
got to do their first time on a horse
their first time in a in a river raft
with that spray flashing in their face
and just very warm happy thoughts I
think the thing I've enjoyed most as an
adult is kind of the solitude that
there's really an opportunity to sit
down with someone you love and connect
with them so bring the entire family
because here in the part of the Colorado
Rockies everyone can create memories
experience horseback riding adventures
or just kick back and relax whatever you
choose you will be talking without
tumbling river for years to come